test: Env mocking and a big refactor (#1490)
starship/starship: CONTRIBUTING.md

   /* This is where your module code goes */
}

#[cfg(test)]
mod tests {
   use super::*;
   use crate::test::ModuleRenderer;
   use ansi_term::Color;
   use std::fs::File;
   use std::io;

   #[test]
   fn should_render() -> io::Result<()> {
      // Here you setup the testing environment
      let tempdir = tempfile::tempdir()?;
      // Create some file needed to render the module
      File::create(dir.path().join("YOUR_FILE"))?.sync_all()?;

      // The output of the module
      let actual = ModuleRenderer::new("YOUR_MODULE_NAME")
         // For a custom path
         .path(&tempdir.path())
         // For a custom config
         .config(toml::toml!{
            [YOUR_MODULE_NAME]
            val = 1
         })
         // For env mocking
         .env("KEY","VALUE")
         // Run the module and collect the output
         .collect();

      // The value that should be rendered by the module.
      let expected = Some(format!("{} ",Color::Black.paint("THIS SHOULD BE RENDERED")));

      // Assert that the actual and expected values are the same
      assert_eq!(actual, expected);

      // Close the tempdir
      tempdir.close()
   }
}
```

> If a module depends on output of another program then that output should be added to the match statement in [`utils.rs`](src/utils.rs). The match has to be exactly the same as the call to `utils::exec_cmd()` that means that the program will we joined with the argument by a `" "` meaning that the call `utils::exec_cmd("program", &["arg", "more_args"])` would turn into `program arg more_args`.

Reviewer: A few adjustments to make it easier to read: 
```suggestion
If a module depends on output of another program, then that output should be added to the match statement in [`utils.rs`](src/utils.rs). The match has to be exactly the same as the call to `utils::exec_cmd()`, including positional arguments and flags. The array of arguments are joined by a `" "`, so `utils::exec_cmd("program", &["arg", "more_args"])` would match with the `program arg more_args` match statement.
```

> If the program cannot be mocked (e.g. It performs some filesystem actions either writing or reading files) then it has to added to the project's GitHub Actions workflow file([`.github/workflows/workflow.yml`](.github/workflows/workflow.yml)) and the test has to be marked with a `#[ignored]` so that anyone can test their build without having to have some special programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the program cannot be mocked (e.g. It performs some filesystem operations, either writing or reading files) then it has to added to the project's GitHub Actions workflow file([`.github/workflows/workflow.yml`](.github/workflows/workflow.yml)) and the test has to be marked with an `#[ignored]`. This ensures that anyone can run the test suite locally without needing to pre-configure their environment. The `#[ignored]` attribute is bypassed during CI runs in GitHub Actions.
```

Unit tests should be fully isolated, only testing a given function's expected output given a specific input, and should be reproducible on any machine. Unit tests should not expect the computer running them to be in any particular state. This includes having any applications pre-installed, having any environment variables set, etc.

The previous point should be emphasized: even seemingly innocuous ideas like "if we can see the directory, we can read it" or "nobody will have their home directory be a git repo" have bitten us in the past. Having even a single test fail can completely break installation on some platforms, so be careful with tests!

### Test Programming Guidelines

Any tests that depend on File I/O should use [`sync_all()`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/fs/struct.File.html#method.sync_all) when creating files or after writing to files.

> Any tests that use `tempfile::tempdir` should take care to call `dir.close()` after usage to ensure the lifecycle of the directory can be reasoned about this includes `fixture_repo()` as it returns a TempDir that should be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any tests that use `tempfile::tempdir` should take care to call `dir.close()` after usage to ensure the lifecycle of the directory can be reasoned about. This includes `fixture_repo()` as it returns a TempDir that should be closed.
```
